I went to LA for pride this year and I'm
staying in my very first mr. B&B which
you can see behind me I've got my own
private room in a house that steps away
from Santa Monica Boulevard and that's
right in the heart of West Hollywood and
right where everything gay and
everything pride was the house is a nice
outdoor like patio area plants
everywhere I'm kind of loving LA the
hosts are really nice too so my first
night I landed and one of the hosts
Danny actually took me out on to Santa
Monica Boulevard he showed me where all
the cool places are so if you come to LA
I highly suggest getting a mr. B&B way
cheaper than any hotel in the area and
if you luck out like I did you'll get
some great hosts so you can show you
around